Distance is the sum, not the max of distance values between words (#2511)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/inner_workings/datatypes.mdx

"Bruce Willis,Vin Diesel"
```

> In the example above, the distance between `Bruce` and `Willis` is equal to **1**. The distance between `Vin` and `Diesel` is also **1**. However, the distance between `Bruce` and `Vin` is equal to **9**. The same goes for `Bruce` and `Diesel` (10), or `Willis` and `Vin` (8), or also `Willis` and `Diesel` (9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the distance between `Bruce` and `Willis` is equal to **1**. The distance between `Vin` and `Diesel` is also **1**. However, the distance between `Willis` and `Vin` is equal to **8**. The same calculations apply to `Bruce` and `Diesel` (10),  `Bruce` and `Vin` (9), or also `Willis` and `Diesel` (9).
```

> In the example above, the distance between `Bruce` and `Willis` is equal to **1**. The distance between `Vin` and `Diesel` is also **1**. However, the distance between `Willis` and `Vin` is equal to **8**. The same calculations apply to `Bruce` and `Diesel` (10),  `Bruce` and `Vin` (9), or also `Willis` and `Diesel` (9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the distance between `Bruce` and `Willis` is equal to **1**. The distance between `Vin` and `Diesel` is also **1**. However, the distance between `Willis` and `Vin` is equal to **8**. The same calculations apply to `Bruce` and `Diesel` (10),  `Bruce` and `Vin` (9), and `Willis` and `Diesel` (9).
```
